Fixed raise statement typo in appointment_group.py (#561)
ucfopen/canvasapi: CHANGELOG.md

### Bugfixes

- Fixed an issue where kwargs were not passed along to Canvas in `User.get_profile()`. (Thanks, [@breed](https://github.com/breed))

> - Fixed typo in `Canvas().create_calendar_event()` where a raise statement listed 'context_codes' as the proper key, instead of 'context_code'. (Thanks, [@dmols](https://github.com/dmols))

Reviewer: Re-word the changelog entry to make the issue clearer. Add the user who made the issue as another thank you.

```suggestion
- Fixed a typo in `Canvas.create_calendar_event()` where an error message improperly listed the missing key as 'context_codes' instead of 'context_code'. (Thanks, [@dmols](https://github.com/dmols) and [@mikesuhan](https://github.com/mikesuhan))
```

Author: Will do! Apologies for the oversight!
